IN PROGRESS
    CSS slides
        - full-slide-templates
            v poems
        - content templates
            v COUNTING PROBLEM
            v bullets and images
            v image and bullets
            v bullets and fading image
            v fading image and bullets
            - bullets and content
            - title and content (deep states of calm)
        - transistions
            v clear slide on exit?
        v fix keypresses
        v make so that downarrow can be used to trigger slide actions, and prevent it from changing slide until all actions are completed
        - clean up style.css
        - clean up css
        v move slide folders one level down (data), so slides.css and slides.js are more accessible? and template files?
        v style buttons
        v add pagination dots
        - fix for VR


Consiousness
    three common definitions
        - functional consciousness - responsiveness and agency
        - phenomenal consciousness - subjective experience
            - Nagel: what it's like to be a bat
        - self-consciousness awareness - aware of one's awareness - highest form: able to report on one's awareness
            - Ned Block: access consciousness

    John Vervaeke: (sounds more to be like this is about cognition/meta-cognition/attention than about consciousness itself.. (sankhara rather than asankhara))
        - adverbial consciousness
            - the screen that orients and indexes
            - hereness, nowness, togetherness; the framing and extension of that
        - adjectival consciousness
            - that which is on the screen of adverbial consciousness


INITIATIVES
    apply for a pimp

    find venue for weekend retreat in oslo and bergen

CONTENT
    -change maslow pyramid picture to one with the name of the stages?

    - Triune brain
    - Anapana (etc) tips and tricks
    - Foundations of EFT

    Sappaya- teachers(add tiny pictures to planet), traditions, sangha

    norwegian version
        use chatGPT to translate file, add norwegian in same file

    finish converting exercises to one background image and html text (saves loading time)

    wordclouds for difficult concepts
     - try to make chatGPT write a function that creates a wordcloud based on an array of words and weights

    add beth upton, rupert spira clips 

    short, medium, long videos featuring key teachers/academics/subjects
        -iain mcGilchrist
            - 1hr: <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/fciCsq0uBUI" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
        -bernardo kastrup
        -don hoffman
        -roger penrose / stuart hameroff
        -michael levin
        -john vervaeke
        -ken wilber

        -les greenberg
        -carl rogers
        -abraham maslow
        -carl jung
        -eugene gendlin
        
        -rupert spira
        -ajahn chah
        -ajahn sumedho
        -

MAKE USABLE

    this can be added at the beginning of my script to make sure that the DOM content is loaded before the script starts running:
    document. addEventListener ('DOMContentLoaded', () = {

SHORT-TERM DEVELOPMENT

Flux lines from north to south pole - enneagram

VR DEVELOPMENT
    - three-mesh-ui
        - test youtube / insight timer thumbnail possibility
    - buttonstates for both inputSources
    - fix gutta rotation ()
        -Perhaps with something like this:
                let nuggetPosition = nuggets[i].nugget.position.clone()
                nuggetPosition.applyMatrix4(jaranius.matrixWorld);
    
GEOGRAPHICAL FEATURES
    Labyrinth
    Cities
    Rivers
    Lakes
    Riverdeltas
    Floodplanes/lush terrain next to Rivers

    Geographical names
        Desert of the real
        Sea of Empathy


LONG-TERM DEVELOPMENT

    add stuff from notes in here?

    clickable images?

    convert all images to webp

    make functions of init processes

    make background more colorful
        fog?
        nebula

USEFUL
    EFFICIENT Boids
        Optimizing a boids simulation for such a large number of entities in Three.js can be challenging due to JavaScript's single-threaded nature. However, there are a few techniques that you can employ to help improve performance.

        Web Workers: JavaScript is single-threaded, but Web Workers allow you to run JavaScript in the background on a separate thread. You could use a Web Worker to handle the boid calculations, leaving the main thread free to handle rendering.
        Spatial partitioning: Spatial partitioning can drastically improve performance in a boids simulation. This involves dividing the simulation space into a grid, and only checking for neighbors within the same cell or adjacent cells. This can reduce the number of comparisons from quadratic to nearly linear.
        Instanced rendering: This is a technique that allows you to draw many instances of the same geometry and material in a single draw call. This can significantly reduce the load on the GPU, which is crucial when dealing with large numbers of objects.

        In addition, there are other considerations you might have to take into account such as avoiding memory allocation in your update loop, optimizing your code logic, and making sure your shaders are efficient.

    GPT prompts
        Prompts Frameworks: 

        Answer: Let's work this out in a step by step way to be sure we have the right answer

        You are a researcher tasked with investigating the X response options provided. List the flaws and faulty logic of each answer option. Let's work this out in a step by step way to be sure we have all the errors:

        You are a resolver tasked with 1) finding which of the X answer options the researcher thought was best 2) improving that answer, and 3) Printing the improved answer in full. Let's work this out in a step by step way to be sure we have the right answer:

    three.js examples that have useful feature/codesnippets
        Better CSS labels: https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js/blob/master/examples/css2d_label.html
        Fly controls: https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js/blob/master/examples/misc_controls_fly.html
        Boids: https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js/blob/master/examples/webgl_gpgpu_birds.html
        Rotation: https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js/blob/master/examples/webgl_math_orientation_transform.html
            https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rodrigues%27_rotation_formula ??
        Instancing: https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js/blob/master/examples/webgl_instancing_performance.html

    link to json font converter: http://gero3.github.io/facetype.js/


Desert of the Real - The Matrix (1999), a metaphorical desert symbolizing the harsh reality outside of the simulated world.
Sea of Empathy - Dr. Leslie Greenberg's Emotion-Focused Therapy (EFT), a metaphor for the therapeutic process of understanding and accepting one's emotions.
The Shire - The Lord of the Rings (1954), a peaceful and idyllic place representing a close-knit community and simplicity.
The Cave - Plato's Allegory of the Cave, a philosophical concept describing the process of enlightenment and awareness.
Garden of Eden - Biblical reference, a symbol of innocence and humanity's connection to nature before the fall from grace.
Room of Requirement - Harry Potter series (1997-2007), a magical room that appears when needed and adapts to the individual's needs, representing the power of the mind and imagination.
The Hundred Acre Wood - Winnie-the-Pooh (1926), a serene and whimsical forest symbolizing the power of friendship, imagination, and personal growth.
The Land of Oz - The Wonderful Wizard of Oz (1900), a fantastical land where characters learn about courage, heart, and wisdom.
Nirvana - Buddhist concept, a transcendent state free from suffering and the cycle of rebirth, representing spiritual awakening.
Atlantis - Ancient Greek myth, a lost city symbolizing an advanced, utopian society with a deep understanding of science and philosophy.
The Forbidden Forest - Harry Potter series (1997-2007), representing the unknown and personal growth through facing fears.
Rivendell - The Lord of the Rings (1954), an Elven sanctuary symbolizing wisdom, peace, and harmony.
The Matrix - The Matrix (1999), a simulated reality highlighting the difference between illusion and reality.
The Island - Lost (2004-2010), a mysterious place forcing characters to confront their past and personal growth.
Utopia - Sir Thomas More's Utopia (1516), a fictional island society representing an ideal civilization with balance and equality.
Shangri-La - Lost Horizon (1933), a hidden paradise symbolizing peace, longevity, and spiritual enlightenment.
Walden Pond - Walden (1854), Henry David Thoreau's retreat representing simplicity, self-reliance, and connection with nature.
Pemberley - Pride and Prejudice (1813), symbolizing the transformative power of love and self-reflection.
The Chocolate Factory - Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (1964), a magical place teaching lessons about humility and kindness.
The Lighthouse - To the Lighthouse (1927), a symbol of the quest for knowledge and understanding.
Middle Earth - The Lord of the Rings (1954), a richly detailed world exploring themes of courage, friendship, and sacrifice.
Narnia - The Chronicles of Narnia (1950-1956), a magical land symbolizing faith, redemption, and the battle between good and evil.
The Overlook Hotel - The Shining (1977), a haunted hotel representing the descent into madness and the power of the subconscious mind.
The Citadel - Mass Effect series (2007-2012), a space station fostering diplomacy and cooperation among diverse species.
The Village - The Prisoner (1967-1968), a mysterious and controlled society symbolizing the struggle for individualism and freedom.
The Island of Dr. Moreau - The Island of Dr. Moreau (1896), exploring the ethics and consequences of playing with nature and creation.
Winterfell - A Song of Ice and Fire (1996-2021), a castle symbolizing resilience, loyalty, and the struggle for power.
Camelot - Arthurian legends, a symbol of chivalry, justice, and the quest for knowledge.
Neverland - Peter Pan (1904), an enchanted island representing the power of imagination, youth, and freedom.
Wonderland - Alice's Adventures in Wonderland (1865), a whimsical world exploring themes of identity, perception, and the nature of reality.
The Emerald City - The Wonderful Wizard of Oz (1900), a city representing the illusion of power and the importance of self-discovery.
The World State - Brave New World (1932), a dystopian society exploring themes of technology, conformity, and the search for happiness.
Galt's Gulch - Atlas Shrugged (1957), a secret society representing individualism, self-sufficiency, and the importance of personal achievement.
Terabithia - Bridge to Terabithia (1977), an imaginary kingdom symbolizing friendship, creativity, and overcoming loss.
Westeros - A Song of Ice and Fire (1996-2021), a realm exploring themes of power, morality, and the human condition.
The Great Library of Alexandria - Ancient history, a center of learning and knowledge that symbolizes the pursuit of wisdom and intellectual growth.
The Savage Reservation - Brave New World (1932), a place outside of the controlled society representing the contrast between the artificial and natural worlds.
The Road - The Road (2006), a post-apocalyptic landscape symbolizing the endurance of the human spirit and the importance of hope.
The Magic School Bus - The Magic School Bus series (1986-2010), a vehicle for exploring the wonders of science and the natural world.
The Island of Misfit Toys - Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer (1964), an island symbolizing the acceptance of differences and the power of belonging.
The Ministry of Love - 1984 (1949), a place of psychological manipulation representing the control of the mind and the suppression of individual thought.
The Lonely Mountain - The Hobbit (1937), a symbol of the quest for treasure, wisdom, and personal growth.
Diagon Alley - Harry Potter series (1997-2007), a magical marketplace symbolizing the wonder and discovery of entering a new world.
Xanadu - Kubla Khan (1797), Samuel Taylor Coleridge's poem describing a dreamlike landscape symbolizing the power of imagination and the pursuit of beauty.
The House on Mango Street - The House on Mango Street (1984), representing the power of community, identity, and the search for self-actualization.
The Abyss - The Abyss (1989), a deep-sea trench symbolizing the exploration of the unknown and the potential for human connection and understanding.
Vulcan - Star Trek (1966-present), the home planet of the logical and rational Vulcans, representing the balance between emotion and reason.
The Garden of Forking Paths - The Garden of Forking Paths (1941), a labyrinthine world symbolizing the nature of time, choice, and the infinite possibilities of existence.
The Center of the Labyrinth - House of Leaves (2000), a metaphorical space representing the exploration of the self and the complexity of the human psyche.
The Village Green - The Prisoner (1967-1968), a central gathering place symbolizing the illusion of freedom and the power of conformity.
The Zone - Stalker (1979), a mysterious and dangerous area representing the search for truth, meaning, and the ultimate desires of the human heart.
The Oasis - Ready Player One (2011), a virtual world exploring the potential for human connection, creativity, and the importance of balancing virtual and real life.
Avalon - Arthurian legends, a mythical island symbolizing the spiritual realm and the eternal nature of the human soul.
The House of Usher - The Fall of the House of Usher (1839), a decaying mansion representing the decline of the human spirit and the power of the subconscious mind.
The Mountains of Madness - At the Mountains of Madness (1936), a remote Antarctic location symbolizing the limits of human understanding and the terrifying unknown.
The Edge of the World - His Dark Materials series (1995-2000), a boundary between parallel universes representing the potential for discovery, growth, and understanding.
The Oracle's Temple - The Matrix (1999), a place of wisdom and guidance representing the search for truth and self-awareness.
The Dreaming - Neil Gaiman's The Sandman series (1989-1996), a realm of dreams and imagination symbolizing the power of stories and the




